Fxl   merge gists (#17)
Azure/AzureCacheForRedis: Redis-BestPractices-Node-js.md

# Node.js

## Avoid Idle Connections

> Azure Redis currently has 10 minute idle timeout for connections, which can cause short network blips if your connection has long periods of inactivity. The most common Node.js libraries should automatically reconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azure Redis closes idle connections after 10 minutes, which can cause disruption for client applications that want to keep their Redis connections open but may have long periods without Redis activity. To keep the connection open, you can configure your client library to automatically send periodic commands to Redis. For example with node-redis you can set the `pingInterval` to something like 60000 milliseconds in the [createClient configuration](https://github.com/redis/node-redis/blob/259e9b2e1f184d5e83413a73a88bda85de814ac0/docs/client-configuration.md#createclient-configuration)
```

(and remove the "However, ..." paragraph below)

# Node.js

## Avoid Idle Connections

Azure Redis currently has 10 minute idle timeout for connections, which will cause short network blips if your connection has long periods of inactivity.  The most common Node.js libraries should automatically reconnect.  

However, you can avoid this brief connectivity loss if your application sends a [PING command](http://redis.io/commands/ping) on connections to prevent them from being idle.  Some client libraries send this ping automatically.  

At the time of this writing, the node.js redis client library I tested (node_redis) did NOT do this automatically.  You can do this yourself by adding a timer that sends PING command every minute or two.  Below is an example of how to do this.  

> ```Node.js

Author: I wasn't sure exactly what to remove. Please check this again. I reworded the previous para with a link to pingInterval
```suggestion
However, you can avoid this brief connectivity loss if you use `pingInterval` in the [createClient configuration](https://github.com/redis/node-redis/blob/259e9b2e1f184d5e83413a73a88bda85de814ac0/docs/client-configuration.md#createclient-configuration) to prevent them from being idle. Some client libraries send this ping automatically.  

```

> ```Node.js

Author: @philon-msft - when you get a chance, can you have a look at this particular change in context.

> ```Node.js

Author: @philo-msft, @DrEsteban  Ping can you review this and merge this PR.

> ```Node.js

Reviewer 2: I believe you resolved this according to Philo's recommendation! But please @philon-msft chime in if I've misinterpreted.
